Discovery probe docs (#3)
ajcasagrande/device-onvif-camera: doc/auto-discovery.md

# Auto Discovery

> There are two methods that the device service can use to discover and add ONVIF compliant cameras, WS-Discovery and netscan.

Reviewer: I think technically the netscan is still ws-discovery, just using unicast instead of multicast

        </env:Body>
    </env:Envelope>
    ```

>     > The Hello message from HIKVISION

Reviewer: isn't this the tapo one?

        </SOAP-ENV:Body>
    </SOAP-ENV:Envelope>
    ```
    >The Hello message from Tapo C200

## How does netscan work?
An alternative method of discovery is a netscan, where the device service is provided a set of IP addresses on a network to scan for ONVIF protocol devices using unicast.

For example, if the provided CIDR is 10.0.0.0/24, it will probe the IP's subnet mask for ONVIF compliant devices using soap commands, directly connecting to each address. It then returns any devices it finds and adds them to the device service using the protocol information from the probes.

>  This method is going to be slower than WS-Discovery, becuase it has to make individual connections. However, it can reach a much wider net of networks and devices than WS-Discovery.

Reviewer: `set of networks`?

        </SOAP-ENV:Body>
    </SOAP-ENV:Envelope>
    ```
    

## How does netscan work?
An alternative method of discovery is a netscan, where the device service is provided a set of IP addresses on a network to scan for ONVIF protocol devices using unicast.

For example, if the provided CIDR is 10.0.0.0/24, it will probe the IP's subnet mask for ONVIF compliant devices using soap commands, directly connecting to each address. It then returns any devices it finds and adds them to the device service using the protocol information from the probes.

>  This method is going to be slower than WS-Discovery, becuase it has to make individual connections. However, it can reach a much wider Set of networks and devices than WS-Discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is going to be slower and more network-intensive than multicast WS-Discovery, becuase it has to make individual connections. However, it can reach a much wider set of networks and works better behind NATs (such as docker networks).
```

## Usage
## 1. Define driver config

1. Ensure that the cameras are all installed and configured before attempting discovery. 

2. Define the following configurations in `cmd/res/configuration.toml` for auto-discovery mechanism:

```toml
[Driver]
CredentialsRetryTime = "120" # Seconds
CredentialsRetryWait = "1" # Seconds
RequestTimeout = "5" # Seconds

> DiscoveryEthernetInterface = "" # The target EthernetInterface for discovery. Defaults to 'en0'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DiscoveryEthernetInterface = "" # The target EthernetInterface for discovery.
```

DefaultAuthMode = "usernametoken" # Set the credentials authorization mode
DefaultSecretPath = "credentials001" # Set the secret path

# BaseNotificationURL indicates the device service network location
BaseNotificationURL = "http://192.168.12.112:59984"

# Allows the option for different discovery mechanisms
DiscoveryMode = "both" # netscan, multicast, or both

# List of IPv4 subnets to perform LLRP discovery process on, in CIDR format (X.X.X.X/Y)
# separated by commas ex: "192.168.1.0/24,10.0.0.0/24"
DiscoverySubnets = ""

# Maximum simultaneous network probes
ProbeAsyncLimit = "4000"

# Maximum amount of milliseconds to wait for each IP probe before timing out.
# This will also be the minimum time the discovery process can take.
ProbeTimeoutMillis = "2000"

# Maximum amount of seconds the discovery process is allowed to run before it will be cancelled.
# It is especially important to have this configured in the case of larger subnets such as /16 and /8
MaxDiscoverDurationSeconds = "300"
```
>Example of configuration.toml contents

### 2. Enable the Discovery Mechanism

> Device discovery is triggered by the device SDK. Once the device service starts, it will discover the Onvif camera(s) within the specified interval.

Reviewer: it is not `within`, but maybe `at`? Also device discovery can be triggered via a POST call as well. `curl -X POST http://127.0.0.1:59984/api/v2/discovery` (double check that url)

## Usage
## 1. Define driver config

1. Ensure that the cameras are all installed and configured before attempting discovery. 

2. Define the following configurations in `cmd/res/configuration.toml` for auto-discovery mechanism:

```toml
[Driver]
CredentialsRetryTime = "120" # Seconds
CredentialsRetryWait = "1" # Seconds
RequestTimeout = "5" # Seconds
DiscoveryEthernetInterface = "" # The target EthernetInterface for discovery.
DefaultAuthMode = "usernametoken" # Set the credentials authorization mode
DefaultSecretPath = "credentials001" # Set the secret path

# BaseNotificationURL indicates the device service network location
BaseNotificationURL = "http://192.168.12.112:59984"

# Allows the option for different discovery mechanisms
DiscoveryMode = "both" # netscan, multicast, or both

# List of IPv4 subnets to perform LLRP discovery process on, in CIDR format (X.X.X.X/Y)
# separated by commas ex: "192.168.1.0/24,10.0.0.0/24"

> DiscoverySubnets = ""

Reviewer: update this section to match the changed toml file
